add metrics about rejected logappend msg count (#8643)
pingcap/docs: grafana-tikv-dashboard.md

- gRPC message error: The number of gRPC message errors per type on each TiKV instance
- Leader drop: The count of dropped leaders per TiKV instance
- Leader missing: The count of missing leaders per TiKV instance

> - Log Replication Reject: The number of logappend messages rejected due to insufficient memory on each TiKV instance (update the picture later --to-be-deleted)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log Replication Reject: The number of log append messages rejected due to insufficient memory on each TiKV instance
```

Author: 'logappend' here means a message type in raft, 'logappend' may be better than 'log append'.

> ![TiKV Dashboard - Errors metrics](/media/tikv-dashboard-errors.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![TiKV Dashboard - Errors metrics](/media/tikv-dashboard-errors-v610.png)
```
